I’m still a step too late.
In my previous life, Zhou Wanyun and I were both labeled as cruel.
That same night, she drowned in the lake.
Why are you here?
After lunch,
Sister Zhou said she wanted to take a walk by the lake.
But after the west side, she never returned.
So I came to look for her.
This Lin Guiren is deliberately hiding something.
In my previous life, Consort Yan
didn’t cause any stir over Zhou Wanyun’s death.
Chief Steward Li.
Take Lin Guiren to the Ministry of Justice and put her under strict supervision by the Yan family.
Quickly, find me five more.
What did the Huang family do wrong?
To be imprisoned and sentenced to death?
This path
is the only way to the imperial kitchen.
Yuan, go to the imperial kitchen.
Let me see what they’re doing.
Consort, this medicine is rare.
This month, only one dose has been produced.
Use it at a suitable time.
Understood.
But why do I feel
the Emperor seems more energetic after drinking it?
Are you sure the medicine is fine?
The Consort personally asked for it from Shen Yipei, so it should be fine.
It must be the dosage is too little.
Tell him to increase the dosage.
Consort, when the servant went to get the medicine, Zhou Caixian discovered it.
To avoid leaks,
the servant had to drown her in the lake.
It was made to look like an accidental drowning.
A cruel person is just that.
Dead is dead.
What’s the panic? Get up.
Consort, it’s not good.
The Emperor has handed over the governing seal to Consort Rong.
What?